Item 1 : Business Plan (minimum 500 words)
A. Company Name of Ficticious Company (make it a name you would like --treat this like a real startup). Remember this must be a tech company.
B. Long-Term Vision Statement -
what are the goals?
where did your idea come from ( a class, a job, a need)?
what is the purpose, values and mission? List 2 or 3 key questions that will guide the startup's choices. These should be essential questions that serve as touchstones to direct your companies efforts. For instance, how can the startup have impact? What engages our passions?
 

C. External opportunites that exist -
here are some ideas you may consider:
Opportunities like co-marketing (i.e. how your new headphones work great with nike shoes for a great workout)
funding opportunities you found (through government, VCs, Angel investors,etc), 
co-development possibilities with other companies  (maybe you can make a nike version of your headphones)
special conferences, trade meetings where you could present your product/service
give aways, hackathons, promotional deals, etc.
Give REAL ideas not fake ones.   Mention real companies and provide links to their homepage.   For venture capital (VC) give websites and discuss why THAT VC would be interested in YOUR startup (they specialize in human computing and your headphones would fit the profile of there past investments),  Special conferences & how they fit with YOUR product/service and give URL

D. Teams - Give a picture and a biography for each person in the leadership of your company (which are your groupmates) and discuss their strengths as it i relates to the formation of this startup tech company. Read this for more detailed discussion and example.
E. Strategy: for next 3 to 5 years. In addition, please share at least one case studyu of the closest potential competitor and what you learned from it in terms of maximizing the startups potential for the future.
key milestones/checkpoints described by OKRs (read here about OKRS w/ Examples) as it relates to the tech product/service your company will offer.
how to measure success metrics/measurables on your OKRs for your company. Read here about OKRs and Examples -- note Later in Item 4 you will describe experiements you will create to measure the success of your OKRs
how to differentiate from other companies in the field?
:

F. Slogan - summary in 6 words or less the company's goals/objectives (here are some I have used for different research projects/labs: brining mobility to the low vision, human-centric vision solving real problems).
Item 2 : Cultural Policy (minimum 150 words)
A. Core Values - Give core values of company answering questions: How do you want to be thought off? What are the details of the core values of the company?
B. Motivation - Give an understanding of the desired company culture by answering: What do you love? What do you fear?
C. Summary: summary in 6 words or less the company's culture
Example of Goggles Cultural Summary:

Openness
Innovation
Excellence that comes with smartness
Hands-on approach
Small-company-family rapport
Item 3 : Ethics Policy (minimum 500 words)
Core Items - Enumerate the core items in your ethics policy and give details of each policy item and its meaning.
Board - List 3 real people (maybe tech leaders) that you want on your board, a brief bio AND why you choose them for the board.
TIPS on Ethics Policies
Look at examples like Google Ethics policy (found here or search)
 

Consider the following ideas from AI NOW report 2018:
Expanding AI fairness byeond a focus on mathematics and statistical fairness toward issues of justice
Accounting fo rthe many forms of labor required to create and maintain AI systems
Committing to deeper interdisiplinarity in AI
Analyzing race, gender and power in AI
Developing new policy interventions and strategic litigation
Building coalitions between researchers, civil society, and organizers within the technology sector
 

 

Item 4 : Experimentation & Priorities
A. Experimentation (to test OKRs of Strategry) - restate your Strategy from the Business Proposal in terms of a series of experiments that the company will perform to test ideas.EXPRESS in DETAIL how you can cheaply create prototype (does not have to be functional...think outside box) to use in your experiments. Tell what TOOLS can you use to create your experiments. Tell how can you involve potential customers in your experiments. These Experiments will implement the measurables to see if you are successfully achieving your goals (OKRs)
B. Priorities- Give which experiment/hypothesis you will test first --as i
